CP INTERNATIONAL, LLC CORE PERFORMANCE @ GOOGLE DUBLIN PROGRAM AGREEMENT AND CONSENT TO PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE AND SHARING# Terms and Conditions for the use of the ProgramTHIS AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT") STATES THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS UNDER WHICH YOU, AS A GOOGLE EMPLOYEE ("YOU") MAY USE THE CORE PERFORMANCE @ GOOGLE DUBLIN PROGRAM, INCLUDING OUR ONSITE FITNESS CENTER, (THE "PROGRAM") PROVIDED BY CP INTERNATIONAL, LLC ("CP INTERNATIONAL"). BY ACKNOWLEDGING AND ACCEPTING THE AGREEMENT, YOU ARE INDICATING YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS, NOTICES AND ACKNOWLEDGMENTS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT AND PROVIDE YOUR CONSENT TO COLLECT, PROCESS, STORE AND SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION, WHICH INCLUDES INFORMATION DEEMED TO BE HEALTH-RELATED INFORMATION UNDER IRISH LAW, WE COLLECT FROM YOU IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PRIVACY STATEMENT PROVIDED BELOW. PLEASE NOTE THAT CP INTERNATIONAL DISCLAIMS IMPLIED WARRANTIES IN THE PROGRAM AS SET FORTH IN THE WARRANTIES WARRANTIES SECTION BELOW.READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY AND COMPLETELY AS IT SETS FORTH YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE OF THE PROGRAM. TO THE EXTENT THIS AGREEMENT CONFLICTS WITH ANY OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE OF THE PROGRAM, THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL CONTROL.## RegistrationIn consideration of your use of the Program, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information as prompted by the registration form and (b) maintain and promptly update the registration information to keep it true, accurate and complete.Account and Password Security.. In order to use certain features of the Program, you may have to register and create a password or pin-protected account (your "Account"). You agree and acknowledge that you will not allow others to utilize your Account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and Account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password and Account. You agree to: (i) immediately notify CP International of any unauthorized use of your password or Account or any breach of security, and (ii) ensure that you fully exit from your Account at the end of each session. You further agree not to use anyone else's password in connection with the Program or attempt to gain access to the accounts of other members. CP International cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision.## Use of Fitness CenterUse of the fitness center is solely for employees of Google and, when staffed, you must display and swipe your Google identification card to access the fitness center. You may not bring guests into the fitness center or allow third parties to use your Google identification card to access the fitness center who are not Google employees. You may not bring children or animals (except to the extent permitted by law for personal assistance) into the fitness center at any time. CP International may post or distribute rules for use of the fitness center including, without limitation, permitted use of the equipment and conduct within the fitness center to provide a safe and appropriate environment for everyone. You are entitled to use the fitness center whenever it is open. During specific hours, fitness center staff members are available to assist you and to maintain the orderly operation of the fitness center. The staff members may issue instructions to preserve a safe and orderly environment within the fitness center in compliance with the fitness center rules. You must follow these instructions. Lockers are provided in the fitness center for your use solely during the time while you are using the fitness center. You are solely responsible for the loss or theft of any items that you place in those lockers. CP International has the right to inspect the locker contents if (i) the staff members cannot identify any Google employee then in the fitness center who is using that locker; (ii) CP International has a reasonable belief that the items in the locker (a) violate the rules of the fitness center, this Agreement or applicable laws or regulations; or (b) threaten the safety of persons in, or may cause damage to, the fitness center or its surroundings; or, (iii) required by Google where permitted by internal regulation of the premises or in case of particular risk or event or government authorities. In case Google requires CP International to inspect a locker content, CP International will inform you and request your presence or the presence of a representative of the Google employees during the inspection, except in case of particular risk or event.## Proprietary RightsYou acknowledge and agree that content contained in the Program or information presented to you through the Program may be protected by copyright, trademark, or patent law, or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by CP International or its affiliates, you agree not to modify, distribute, copy, reproduce or create derivative works based on the proprietary portions of the Program, in whole or in part. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or correct the Program or any underlying technologies, except to the extent the foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited by Irish law. Those portions of the Program owned by CP International are protected by copyright belonging to CP International. All rights are reserved. You agree that all of CP International's trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos and service names are trademarks and are property of CP International (the "CP International Marks"). You agree not to display or use in any manner the CP International Marks, without the express prior permission of CP International.## No Reproduction or ResaleYou agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Program, use of the Program, or access to the Program.## IndemnificationYou agree to hold CP International harmless from and against any claims or actions proven to be directly arising out of: (i) your negligence or misconduct; (ii) your information or any other materials contributed to or submitted through the Program, including without limitation information associated with your Account; (iii) your conduct, including your use of the Program (including the fitness center); (iv) your violation or breach of this Agreement or any other applicable CP International policies including the fitness center rules that have been communicated to you; (v) your violation of any applicable law or regulation; or (vi) your violation or infringement of any intellectual property, privacy, publicity, confidentiality, proprietary or other rights of any person or entity (collectively, the "Claims"). You are solely responsible for defending any such Claims, and for payment of damages, costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and costs resulting from the foregoing to CP International. CP International shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to select its own legal counsel for its defense. You shall notify CP International immediately if you become aware of any actual or potential claims, suits, actions, allegations or charges that could affect your or CP International's ability to fully perform their respective duties or to exercise its rights under this Agreement. You shall not, without the prior written approval of CP International, settle, dispose or enter into any proposed settlement or resolution of any Claim (whether having been finally adjudicated or otherwise) brought against you, if such settlement or resolution results in any obligation or liability for CP International.## TerminationYou agree that CP International may terminate, within one week after notice to you, your use of the Program (or any part thereof) including your access to your Account and may not be held liable to you in case of violation or breach of this Agreement or any other applicable CP International policies including the fitness center rules that have been communicated to you or violation of any applicable law or regulation. CP International will notify you of such termination via email prior to any termination. CP International may also, subject to its agreement with Google, discontinue providing the Program or any part thereof and may not be held liable to you. CP International will notify you of such discontinuance via email reasonably in advance under the circumstances.## WARRANTIESCP INTERNATIONAL WARRANTS THAT ITS PERSONAL TRAINERS AND STAFF MEMBERS ASSIGNED TO THE PERFORMANCE OF CP INTERNATIONAL'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL HAVE ALL THE REQUISITE SKILLS, EXPERIENCE AND QUALIFICATIONS TO CARRY OUT THE TASKS ASSIGNED TO THEM.NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:1. THE FITNESS CENTER AND INFORMATION AND MATERIAL PROVIDED THROUGH THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WITH RESPECT TO THE PROGRAM AND INFORMATION AND MATERIAL PROVIDED THROUGH THE PROGRAM, CP INTERNATIONAL EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PROGRAM MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE DUE TO ANY NUMBER OF FACTORS INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERIODIC MAINTENANCE, SCHEDULED OR UNSCHEDULED, FORCE MAJEURE, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, OR TECHNICAL FAILURES, AND THEREFORE CP INTERNATIONAL EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY REGARDING PROGRAM USE AND/OR AVAILABILITY, ACCESSIBILITY, SECURITY OR PERFORMANCE CAUSED BY SUCH FACTORS TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.2. CP INTERNATIONAL MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE PROGRAM,INFORMATION AND MATERIAL PROVIDED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.3. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM CP INTERNATIONAL OR THROUGH OR FROM THE PROGRAM SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE AGREEMENT.YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE RISKS. YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR ATTENDANCE OR USE OF THE FITNESS CENTER AND EQUIPMENT OR PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM INCLUDING THE USE OF PERSONAL TRAINERS, POSES RISKS, KNOWN AND/OR UNKNOWN, AND COULD CAUSE INJURY TO YOU. AS A PRE-CONDITION TO ALLOWING YOU TO PARTICIPATE IN THE PROGRAM, YOU ACCEPT THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ATTENDANCE AND USE OF THE PROGRAM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE FOLLOWING RISKS: WORSENING OF ANY MEDICAL CONDITION OR INJURY YOU MIGHT HAVE, PERSONAL INJURY, THEFT, OR CONTAGION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT AS A PRE-CONDITION TO UTILIZING THE PROGRAM YOU HAVE THE RESPONSIBILITY TO INQUIRE ABOUT ANY RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE PROGRAM AND THAT YOU WILL FOLLOW ALL INSTRUCTIONS RELATED TO THE PROGRAM. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU CONSULT A PHYSICIAN ON A REGULAR BASIS REGARDING YOUR HEALTH, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT PARTICIPATE IN THE PROGRAM IF YOU ARE AWARE OF A CONDITION OR INJURY THAT MAY MAKE THE PROGRAM INADVISABLE OR THAT MAY INJURE ANOTHER PERSON OR CREATE A RISK THAT ANOTHER PERSON WOULD CATCH A SICKNESS OR DISEASE FROM YOU. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN REGARDING THE PROGRAM PRIOR TO PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM. IF YOU HAVE FURTHER QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS REGARDING THE PROGRAM, YOU AGREE TO ASK CP INTERNATIONAL STAFF MEMBERS WORKING ON-SITE TO PROVIDE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PRIOR TO PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO NOT EXERCISE, OR TO CEASE EXERCISING, IF YOU ARE UNFIT, SICK OR DO NOT FEEL WELL FOR ANY REASON. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT STAFF MEMBERS OR EQUIPMENT/COMPUTERS MAY ENCOURAGE YOU TO EXERT MYSELF TO IMPROVE YOUR PERFORMANCE AND TRAINING, AND THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO COMMUNICATE TO THE STAFF MEMBERS OR TO CEASE EXERCISING AND IGNORE SUCH ENCOURAGEMENT IF YOU DO NOT FEEL WELL OR FEEL YOU COULD BECOME INJURED. YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU WILL NOT PARTICIPATE IN THE PROGRAM IF YOU POSSESS A CONDITION OR INJURY THAT MAKES SUCH PARTICIPATION INADVISABLE. FURTHERMORE, YOU AGREE NOT TO PARTICIPATE IN THE PROGRAM TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS BEYOND YOUR PHYSICAL CAPACITY. YOU WILL INFORM CP INTERNATIONAL AND ANY STAFF MEMBER WORKING WITH YOU OF ANY CONDITIONS YOU HAVE OR MAY HAVE THAT COULD BE AGGRAVATED OR COULD CAUSE INJURY OR DISEASE TO YOU OR ANOTHER. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, WHEN CP INTERNATIONAL OR ANY OF ITS STAFF MEMBER OR PERSONAL TRAINER IS INFORMED OF ANY INJURY OR WORSENING OF A MEDICAL CONDITION OR INJURY WHICH SUCH STAFF MEMBER OR PERSONAL TRAINER WOULD REASONABLY BE EXPECTED TO KNOW WOULD MAKE PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM NOT ADVISABLE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION THEN KNOWN TO SUCH STAFF MEMBER OR PERSONAL TRAINER, IT SHALL ADVISE YOU AGAINST PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM ON THAT BASIS. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING SENTENCE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND REPRESENT THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO MANAGE YOUR HEALTH AND DETERMINE YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM AND YOU WILL SEEK APPROPRIATE MEDICAL CONSULTATION REGARDING ANY SUCH PARTICIPATION. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE PROGRAM MAY INCLUDE EXERCISES THAT INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT EXERCISE INCORPORATING WHOLE BODY VIBRATION IS NOT SUITABLE FOR ALL PEOPLE, AND THAT WOMEN WHO ARE PREGNANT OR MAY BECOME PREGNANT SHOULD NOT INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION INTO THEIR EXERCISE PROGRAM. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT CP INTERNATIONAL CAN PROVIDE AN EXERCISE PROGRAM THAT DOES NOT INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION AND THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO INFORM CP INTERNATIONAL STAFF MEMBERS IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION INTO YOUR EXERCISE PROGRAM. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE DECISION TO INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION INTO YOUR EXERCISE PROGRAM IS ENTIRELY YOUR OWN, AND THAT IF YOU INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION INTO YOUR EXERCISE PROGRAM IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO STOP EXERCISE IMMEDIATELY, AND TO CONSULT WITH YOUR PHYSICIAN IMMEDIATELY, IF YOU FEEL DIZZY, FAINT, SHORT OF BREATH OR EXPERIENCE ANY PAIN DURING EXERCISE UTILIZING VIBRATION. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE PROGRAM IS NOT AN EXACT SCIENCE AND THAT NO GUARANTEES OR ASSURANCES HAVE BEEN MADE TO YOU CONCERNING THE OUTCOME AND/OR RESULT FROM THE PROGRAM.## Limitation of LiabilityYou acknowledge and agree that, to the greatest extent permissible by Irish law, CP International will not be liable for any indirect damages arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including, without limitation, loss of data or loss of income. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Program, or with any of the terms of this Agreement, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Program.CP International may not be held liable to you for failure to perform its obligations under this Agreement if such failure has been caused by (i) your misconduct; (ii) the unforeseeable and insurmountable act of a third party to this Agreement; or (iii) a force majeure event.## Integrality of the AgreementA provision of the Agreement that is considered as being void or unenforceable does not affect the other provisions of the Agreement which remain in force.