#TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Please review the Terms and Conditions for information related to indemnification, disclaimer of warranties, your acknowledgements and covenants to Athletes' Performance Germany, GmbH, and limitation of liability. The English text is displayed first, followed by the German text.  Please scroll down to review the German version.

Bitte lesen Sie sich die Bedingungen in Bezug auf Erklärungen und Verpflichtungen, die Sie gegenüber Athletes' Performance, Inc. abgeben, sowie Informationen zu Freistellungen und Haftungsbeschränkungen aufmerksam durch. Der englische Text wird zuerst angezeigt, danach folgt der deutsche Text. Für die deutsche Version bitte nach unten scrollen.


###Athletes’ Performance Germany GmbH
###TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE OF THE FITNESS CENTER, PROGRAM AND OPS INCLUDING CARDIO/ESD
###May 19, 2016

THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE (THE "TERMS") STATE THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS UNDER WHICH YOU MAY USE THE ADIDAS ONSITE FITNESS CENTER IN Herzogenaurach, „WORLD OF SPORTS“, ADI-DASSLER-STR. 1, 91074 HERZOGENAURACH, Germany (THE "FITNESS CENTER"), AND OUR CLOUD BASED APPLICATION OPS (TOGETHER, THE "PROGRAM") PROVIDED BY ATHLETES’ PERFORMANCE GERMANY GMBH, ALSTERTWIETE 3, 20099 HAMBURG, GERMANY ("APG", “WE” OR” US”).

**PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY AND COMPLETELY, AS THEY SET FORTH YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE OF THE PROGRAM.**

**OUR PRIVACY POLICY IS LOCATED AT [http://legal.athletesperformance.com/eu/privacy/adidas-privacy-policy.html](http://legal.athletesperformance.com/eu/privacy/adidas-privacy-policy.html)  AND WILL INFORM YOU OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE THAT DATA.**

**BY USING THE SERVICES COVERED BY THESE TERMS YOU ARE INDICATING YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND CONSENTS HEREIN.**



1. **NATURE OF USE.** These Terms confer the right to use and enjoy the Program in accordance with the Fitness Center rules and regulations, as they may change from time to time. These Terms do not confer any interest in the property or assets of the Fitness Center or the managing company, APG, or any right to participate in the management or operations of the _Fitness Center, financially or otherwise. If you elect us to stop using/collecting personal information, your access to the Program available to you may be significantly limited or eliminated; and, such restrictions on your ability to access or use the Program is not a breach of these Terms.

1. **Eligibility for USE.** In order to use the Program, you must meet at least one of the following criteria: (i) be a current employee of Adidas (the **“Sponsor”**) and be at least 16 years old; (ii) be a current contractor working onsite at the Sponsor’s and be at least 16 years old; (iii) be a spouse, partner, family member or friend of a current employee of the Sponsor whom that Sponsor employee has identified as being eligible to join and be at least 16 years old (respectively, a “**Partner Member**”). Current Sponsor employees may only declare one Partner Member. Should a Sponsor employee terminate these Terms or their employment with the Sponsor, the Partner Member is no longer permitted to use the Program. You understand should you no longer be eligible to utilize the Program, you must notify the Fitness Center staff thereof, stop using the Program and terminate these Terms. Fees will not be refunded due to a failure to timely notify the Fitness Center staff of your change in eligibility and to terminate these Terms.

1. **REGISTRATION WITH PROGRAM.** In consideration of your use of the Program, you agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information when you register with the Program; (b) maintain and promptly update your registration information to keep it true, accurate and complete; and (c) complete registration within OPS and set up an account within Mindbody Online; (d) pay the monthly fee for the Program; and (e)provide us with your bank account, credit card or other payment information that are necessary for processing your monthly fee payments.

1. **ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD SECURITY.** In order to use certain features of the Program, you may have to register and create a password-protected account (your "**Account**") within Ops and separately within Mindbody. You agree and acknowledge that you will not allow others to utilize your Account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and Account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password and Account. You agree to: (i) immediately notify APG of any unauthorized use of your password or Account or any breach of security, and (ii) ensure that you fully exit from your Account at the end of each session. You further agree not to use anyone else's password in connection with the Program or attempt to gain access to the accounts of other members. APG cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision. APG reserves the right (but not the obligation) to terminate your access to your Account without notice in case you have infringed the aforementioned obligations.

1. **USE OF FITNESS CENTER.** Use of the Fitness Center is solely for those authorized by the Sponsor (where applicable) and other persons authorized by APG. When staffed, you may be required to display and swipe your identification card or badge to access the Fitness Center. You may not bring guests into the Fitness Center or allow third parties to use your identification card or badge to access the Fitness Center who are not authorized to do so. Unless otherwise permitted by the Sponsor and/or APG, you may not bring children or animals (except to the extent permitted by law for personal assistance), into the Fitness Center at any time. APG may post or distribute rules for use of the Fitness Center including, without limitation, permitted use of the equipment and conduct within the Fitness Center to provide a safe and appropriate environment for everyone.  You should familiarize yourself with those rules before you participate in the Program. You are entitled to use the Fitness Center whenever it is open. During specific hours, Fitness Center staff members are available to assist you and to maintain the orderly operation of the Fitness Center. The staff members may issue instructions to preserve a safe and orderly environment within the Fitness Center in compliance with the Fitness Center rules. You must follow these instructions. Lockers are provided in the Fitness Center for your use solely during the time while you are using the Fitness Center.  APG's liability to compensate you for loss or damage to property is limited pursuant to sec. 15. APG has the right to inspect locker contents if: (i) the staff members cannot identify any individual then in the Fitness Center who is using that locker; (ii) APG has a reasonable belief that the items in the locker violate the rules of the Fitness Center, these Terms, or applicable laws or regulations; (iii) the contents threaten the safety of persons in, or may cause damage to, the Fitness Center or its surroundings; or; (iv) as required by law or government authorities.

1. **PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.** You acknowledge and agree that content contained in the Program or information presented to you through the Program may be protected by national or international copyright, trademark, or patent law, or other proprietary rights and laws. You agree not to infringe APG's proprietary rights in such content, as well as that of its third party licensors. Except as expressly authorized by APG, or their affiliates, you agree not to modify, distribute, copy, reproduce or create derivative works based on the proprietary portions of the Program, in whole or in part. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any software comprised in the Program or any other underlying technologies, except to the extent the foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law. You agree that all of APG's trademarks, trade names, service marks, logos and service names are trademarks and are property of APG, respectively (the "**APG Marks**"). You agree not to display or use in any manner the APG Marks without the express prior permission of APG respectively.

1. **NO REPRODUCTION OR RESALE.** You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Program, use of the Program, or access to the Program.

1. **INDEMNIFICATION OF APG**  You agree to indemnify, defend and hold APG (their parent company Athletes’ Performance, Inc.) and each of their respective affiliates and all of their respective directors, officers, members, managers, employees, agents, successors, assigns and their service providers, licensors, licensees, consultants and contractors (collectively the "**APG Indemnified Parties**") harmless from and against any claims, demands, liabilities, losses, costs, damages or expenses including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs ("**Losses**"), directly or indirectly, arising out of or in any way relating to: (i) your negligence or misconduct; (ii) your information or any other materials contributed to or submitted through the Program, including without limitation information associated with your Account; (iii) your conduct, including your use of the Program (including the Fitness Center); (iv) your violation or breach of these Terms or any other applicable APG policies including the Fitness Center rules; (v) your violation of any applicable law or regulation; or (vi) your violation or infringement of any intellectual property, privacy, publicity, confidentiality, proprietary or other rights of any person or entity (collectively, the "**Claims**").

1. **Monthly Fee.** The current monthly fee for the Program is EUR 25,00, inclusive of VAT, to be debited from the financial account or accepted means of payment specified by you within your account with Mindbody. The breakdown of the monthly fee is EUR 21,01 + EUR 3,99 (19% VAT) = EUR 25,00.

* **Payment.** The monthly fee is due on every recurring day of the month on which you originally agreed to these Terms and, unless stated otherwise, will continue to be debited from your financial account or accepted means of payment on this day or the respective following business day. The amount of the monthly fee may vary during the term of the Terms and can be changed in accordance with section 16 of these Terms. It is your responsibility to keep your payment information up to date. Should your payment information or method change, you are required to contact the Fitness Center staff or log into your account with Mindbody to update your payment information.
We generally accept the following means of payment: (a) credit card and (b) SEPA Direct Debit. Other means of payment are excluded.
1. CREDIT CARD. Payment by credit card is only possible with Visa or MasterCard. Other credit cards are not accepted. Credit card payments are processed by our payment services provider Paysafe Financial Services Limited. If you initiate an unjustified chargeback of the payment amount, you will be obliged to compensate us for all damages caused hereby.

1. **DIRECT DEBIT.** By choosing SEPA Direct Debit you grant our payment services provider Paysafe Financial Services Limited a SEPA Direct Debit mandate by which you authorize Paysafe Financial Services Limited to debit the payment amounts from your account. In addition, you authorize your bank to debit your account.
You are obliged to ensure that your account holds sufficient funds which allow for the respective Direct Debit to be collected from your account. If you initiate an unjustified Direct Debit return or if the payment amount cannot be debited from your bank for reasons for which you are responsible, you will compensate us for all damages caused hereby. The period for the pre-notification of the debiting date is reduced to one day. Your are entitled to a refund from your bank if the refund is claimed within 8 weeks starting from the date on which your account was debited. The terms and conditions of your agreement with your bank apply.

1. **Term:** The term of these Terms is month to month and will begin on the date on which you agree to these Term. The term will renew automatically each month unless either we receive notice from you in writing (which can be done by visiting the Fitness Center) of your intent to terminate these Terms at least ten business days before your monthly renewal date or the Terms are terminated otherwise.

1. **TERMINATION OF THE TERMS.**
   1. **Voluntary Cancellation:** These Terms shall be subject to cancellation by 10 days prior written notice submitted from you or your legal representative by mail or hand delivery or by signing a cancellation request within the Fitness Center. The cancellation will take effect at your next monthly renewal date following the expiration of the 10-days-notice period. You are not required to provide a reason to cancel.
   2. **Involuntary Cancellation:** APG reserves the right to terminate these Terms or suspend your use of the Program (or any part thereof) at any time if: (i) you are no longer eligible (as determined by APG or the Sponsor) to use the Program (e.g., if you terminate your employment or contractor relationship with the Sponsor); (ii) you breach any terms of these Terms where any such breach(es) is/are not resolved by you within seven (7) days of receiving written notice to resolve the breach(es); or (iii) in case you are in default for more than two (2) monthly fees. You agree that APG shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Program. These Terms may be terminated by notification in writing to the last address shown in the records of the Program. You will remain liable for all fees and other indebtedness incurred prior to the date of termination, which shall be three business days following the date on which the termination notice is mailed or hand delivered by APG, unless a later date of termination is specified in the termination notice.
   3. **Resale or Suspension of Eligibility:** You may not sell or otherwise transfer your eligibility to use the Program to another party nor may you temporarily suspend your eligibility to use the Program.

1. **DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.** YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:
   1. YOUR USE OF THE PROGRAM IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
   2. THE FITNESS CENTER AND INFORMATION AND MATERIAL PROVIDED THROUGH THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.
   3. YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE PROGRAM MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE DUE TO ANY NUMBER OF FACTORS INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERIODIC MAINTENANCE (SCHEDULED OR UNSCHEDULED), ACTS OF GOD, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, OR TECHNICAL FAILURES, AND THEREFORE APG EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY REGARDING PROGRAM USE AND/OR AVAILABILITY, ACCESSIBILITY, SECURITY OR PERFORMANCE CAUSED BY SUCH FACTORS. SECTION 15 REMAINS UNAFFECTED.
   4. APG MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (i) THE PROGRAM AND INFORMATION AND MATERIAL PROVIDED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE PROGRAM OR INFORMATION AND MATERIALS PROVIDED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, OR AVAILABLE; OR (iii) ANY ERRORS IN THE PROGRAM OR INFORMATION AND MATERIALS PROVIDED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH WILL BE CORRECTED. SECTION 15 REMAINS UNAFFECTED.

1. **YOUR ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS AND COVENANTS TO APG.** YOU PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS AND COVENANTS TO APG:
   1. YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR ATTENDANCE OR USE OF THE FITNESS CENTER AND EQUIPMENT OR PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM OR RECEIVING ANY SERVICES THROUGH THE PROGRAM INCLUDING THE USE OF PERSONAL TRAINERS OR DIETICIANS, POSES RISKS, KNOWN AND/OR UNKNOWN, AND COULD CAUSE INJURY TO YOU.
   2. THE SERVICES AND PRODUCTS THAT APG PROVIDES IS NOT MEDICAL ADVICE, AND SHOULD NOT BE A SUBSTITUTE FOR SEEING AND GETTING QUALIFIED MEDICAL ADVICE FROM YOUR PHYSICIAN.
   3. AS A PRE-CONDITION TO ALLOWING YOU TO RECEIVE, PARTICIPATE IN, ATTEND OR USE THE PROGRAM, YOU ACCEPT THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ATTENDANCE AND USE OF THE PROGRAM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE FOLLOWING RISKS: WORSENING OF ANY MEDICAL CONDITION OR INJURY YOU MIGHT HAVE, PERSONAL INJURY, THEFT, OR CONTAGION.
   4. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT AS A PRE-CONDITION TO UTILIZING THE PROGRAM YOU HAVE THE RESPONSIBILITY TO INQUIRE ABOUT ANY RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE PROGRAM AND THAT YOU WILL FOLLOW ALL INSTRUCTIONS RELATED TO THE PROGRAM.
   5. YOU    ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU SHALL CONSULT A PHYSICIAN ON A REGULAR BASIS REGARDING YOUR HEALTH, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT PURCHASE, RECEIVE, PARTICIPATE IN, ATTEND OR USE THE PROGRAM IF YOU ARE AWARE OF A CONDITION OR INJURY THAT MAY MAKE THE PROGRAM INADVISABLE OR THAT MAY INJURE ANOTHER PERSON OR CREATE A RISK THAT ANOTHER PERSON WOULD CATCH A SICKNESS OR DISEASE FROM YOU.
   6. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN REGARDING THE PROGRAM PRIOR TO PURCHASING, RECEIVING, PARTICIPATING IN, ATTENDING OR USING THE PROGRAM. IF YOU HAVE FURTHER QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS REGARDING THE PROGRAM, YOU AGREE TO ASK APG STAFF MEMBERS WORKING ON-SITE TO PROVIDE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PRIOR TO RECEIVING, PARTICIPATING IN, ATTENDING OR USING THE PROGRAM.
   7. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO NOT EXERCISE, OR TO CEASE EXERCISING, IF YOU ARE: UNABLE TO SAFELY EXERCISE, SICK, OR DO NOT FEEL WELL FOR ANY REASON. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT STAFF MEMBERS OR EQUIPMENT/COMPUTERS MAY ENCOURAGE YOU TO EXERT YOURSELF TO IMPROVE YOUR PERFORMANCE AND TRAINING, AND THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO COMMUNICATE TO THE STAFF MEMBERS OR TO CEASE EXERCISING AND IGNORE SUCH ENCOURAGEMENT IF YOU DO NOT FEEL WELL OR FEEL YOU COULD BECOME INJURED.
   8. FURTHERMORE, YOU AGREE NOT TO RECEIVE, PARTICIPATE IN, ATTEND OR USE THE PROGRAM TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS BEYOND YOUR PHYSICAL CAPACITY. YOU WILL INFORM APG AND ANY STAFF MEMBER WORKING WITH YOU OF ANY CONDITIONS YOU HAVE OR MAY HAVE THAT COULD BE AGGRAVATED BY YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM, OR COULD CAUSE INJURY OR DISEASE TO YOU OR ANOTHER.
   9. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE PROGRAM IS NOT AN EXACT SCIENCE AND THAT NO GUARANTEES OR ASSURANCES HAVE BEEN MADE TO YOU CONCERNING THE OUTCOME AND/OR RESULT FROM THE PROGRAM.
   10. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE PROGRAM MAY INCLUDE EXERCISES THAT INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT EXERCISE INCORPORATING WHOLE BODY VIBRATION IS NOT FOR WOMEN WHO ARE PREGNANT OR MAY BECOME PREGNANT. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT APG CAN PROVIDE AN EXERCISE PROGRAM THAT DOES NOT INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION AND THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO INFORM APG STAFF IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION INTO YOUR EXERCISE PROGRAM. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE DECISION TO INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION INTO YOUR EXERCISE PROGRAM IS ENTIRELY YOUR OWN, AND THAT IF YOU INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION INTO YOUR EXERCISE PROGRAM IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO STOP EXERCISE IMMEDIATELY, AND TO CONSULT WITH YOUR PHYSICIAN IMMEDIATELY, IF YOU FEEL DIZZY, FAINT, SHORT OF BREATH OR EXPERIENCE ANY PAIN DURING EXERCISE UTILIZING VIBRATION.

1. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.**
   1. APG shall have no liability for any damage or loss caused by:
   2. Notwithstanding any other regulations in these Terms, the liability of APG shall be unrestricted for loss of life or personal injuries or for other damages that are caused by intentional acts or gross negligence. APG shall also be liable for other damages that are caused by a violation of material contractual obligations through slight negligence, in which case the liability shall be limited to typical and foreseeable damages. Material contractual obligations are obligations that are necessary for the proper performance of the Terms. The statutory liability pursuant to the Product Liability Act shall remain unaffected.
   3. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Program, or with any of the provisions of these Terms, you should contact APG staff and discontinue using the Program.

1. **CHANGES TO THESE TERMS.** APG may revise these Terms at any time. Should we make a material change to these Terms we will attempt to notify you via the Fitness Center, Ops or email regarding the changes we will implement to the Terms.  You will have six (6) weeks to object to the pending Terms and Opt-Out.  Should you not object to the new Terms during that time, the new Terms will automatically apply to you and the previous Terms will no longer be in effect. We will separately inform you of this consequence when notifying you of the changes to the Terms. Please check these Terms from time to time in order to take notice of any changes that are made to these Terms, as they are binding on you once they are in effect.

1. **APPLICABLE LAW.** These Terms, and their subject matter and formation, are governed by the applicable laws of Germany or the country in which the Fitness Center you utilized is located.

1. **MISCELLANEOUS.** The following general provisions apply to these Terms:
   1. APG's failure to enforce any of its rights at any time, for any period and for whatever reason shall not be construed as a waiver of such rights; nor will any failure to identify or act upon any breach of these Terms by you be deemed to be an affirmation by APG that your behavior is acceptable.
   2. APG may assign its rights under these Terms  to any other legal entity at any time without notice to you.

1. **Customer Service.** For any questions or queries please contact our customer service under the phone number +49 9132 84 74 333, or by email at theGYM@teamexos.com.


####Athletes’ Performance Germany GmbH
####NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN DES FITNESSSTUDIOS, DES PROGRAMMS UND OPS, EINSCHLIESSLICH CARDIO/ ESD

DIESE NUTZUNGSBEDINGUNGEN (DIE „**BEDINGUNGEN**“) BESTIMMEN DIE BEDINGUNGEN, UNTER DENEN SIE DAS ADIDAS-FITNESSSTUDIO VOR ORT IN HERZOGENAURACH, „World of Sports“, Adi-Dassler-Str. 1, 91074 Herzogenaurach (DAS „**FITNESSSTUDIO**“) UND UNSERE CLOUD-BASIERTE ANWENDUNG OPS (GEMEINSAM DAS „**PROGRAMM**“), DIE VON DER ATHLETES’ PERFORMANCE GERMANY GMBH, Alstertwiete 3, 20099 Hamburg („**APG**“, „**WIR**“ ODER „**UNS**“) ZUR VERFÜGUNG GESTELLT WIRD, NUTZEN DÜRFEN.

####BITTE LESEN SIE SICH DIESE BEDINGUNGEN AUFMERKSAM UND VOLLSTÄNDIG DURCH, DA DIESE BEDINGUNGEN IHRE RECHTE UND PFLICHTEN HINSICHTLICH IHRER NUTZUNG DES PROGRAMMS BESTIMMEN.

####UNSERE DATENSCHUTZRICHTLINIE FINDEN SIE UNTER [http://legal.athletesperformance.com/eu/privacy/adidas-privacy-policy.html](http://legal.athletesperformance.com/eu/privacy/adidas-privacy-policy.html) UND INFORMIERT SIE ÜBER DIE PERSÖNLICHEN ANGABEN, DIE WIR SAMMELN, UND WIE WIR IHRE DATEN VERWENDEN.

####DURCH DIE NUTZUNG DER VON DIESEN BEDINGUNGEN UMFASSTEN DIENSTE, ZEIGEN SIE SICH DAMIT EINVERSTANDEN, DURCH ALLE DIESE BEDINGUNGEN UND HIERIN ENTHALTENEN EINVERSTÄNDNISERKLÄRUNGEN GEBUNDEN ZU SEIN.


1. **Nutzung.** Diese Bedingungen betreffen das Recht, das Programm gemäß den Regeln und Bestimmungen des Fitnessstudios, die zuweilen abgeändert werden können, zu nutzen. Sie übertragen keine Rechte am Eigentum oder am Vermögen des Fitnessstudios oder seiner Geschäftsleitung, der Athletes‘ Performance Germany, GmbH, oder Beteiligungsrechte im Management oder dem finanziellen oder anderweitigen Betrieb des Fitnessstudios. Sofern Sie wünschen, dass APG keine Persönlichen Informationen mehr über Sie nutzt oder erhebt, kann dies Ihren Zugang zum Programm bedeutend einschränken oder ausschließen. Eine solche Beschränkung Ihrer Möglichkeit zum Zugang oder zur Nutzung des Programms stellt keinen Verstoß gegen diese Bedingungen dar.

1. **Berechtigung zur nutzung.** Um das Programm nutzen zu können, müssen Sie mindestens eine der folgenden Kriterien erfüllen: (i) Sie sind derzeit bei Adidas (der „Sponsor“) angestellt und mindestens 16 Jahre alt; (ii) Sie arbeiten als Auftragnehmer vor Ort beim Sponsor und sind mindestens 16 Jahre alt; (iii) Sie sind ein Ehepartner, Partner, Familienmitglied oder Freund eines derzeitigen Angestellten des Sponsors, der Sie als zur Mitgliedschaft berechtigt identifiziert hat, und sind mindestens 16 Jahre alt (nachfolgend jeweils ein „Partnermitglied“). Derzeitige Angestellte des Sponsors dürfen jeweils nur ein Partnermitglied bestimmen. Sofern ein Angestellter des Sponsors diese Bedingungen kündigt oder seine Anstellung beim Sponsor beendet, ist das Partnermitglied nicht mehr berechtigt, seine Nutzung des Programms fortführen Sollten Sie nicht länger berechtigt sein, das Programm zu nutzen, müssen Sie unverzüglich das Personal des Fitnessstudios hierüber informieren, aufhören, das Programm zu nutzen und diese Bedingungen kündigen. Beiträge werden nicht zurückerstattet, sofern Sie es versäumen, den Mitarbeitern des Fitnessstudios rechtzeitig über die Änderung Ihrer Berechtigung zu informieren und die Bedingungen zu kündigen.

1. **REGISTRIERUNG IM PROGRAMM.** Für die Nutzung des Programms, verpflichten Sie sich: (a) bei der Registrierung im Programm richtige, genaue, aktuelle und vollständige Informationen zu machen; (b) ihre Registrierungsdaten auf dem aktuellsten Stand zu halten und umgehend zu aktualisieren, damit diese richtig, genau und vollständig bleiben; (c) sich in OPS zu registrieren und ein Mindbody Online-Konto einzurichten; (d) die monatlichen Beiträge für die Nutzung des Programms zu zahlen; und (e) uns die Konto-, Kreditkarten- oder anderen Zahlungsdaten zur Verfügung zu stellen, die für die Abwicklung Ihrer monatlichen Beiträge erforderlich sind.

1. **KONTO UND PASSWORTSICHERHEIT.** Um bestimmte Funktionen des Programms nutzen zu können, müssen Sie sich gegebenenfalls zuerst registrieren und ein Passwort-geschütztes Konto in OPS und separat in Mindbody erstellen (Ihr „**Konto**“). Sie stimmen zu und erkennen an, dass Sie es anderen nicht erlauben werden, Ihr Konto zu nutzen. Sie sind dafür verantwortlich, die Vertraulichkeit Ihres Passworts und Kontos zu gewährleisten und sind voll und ganz für alle Aktivitäten hinsichtlich der Nutzung Ihres Passworts und des Kontos verantwortlich. Sie verpflichten sich: (i) APG umgehend über jegliche unbefugte Verwendung Ihres Passworts oder Kontos oder jeglichen Sicherheitsverstoß zu informieren, und (ii) sicherzustellen, dass Sie sich am Ende jeder Sitzung vollständig aus Ihrem Konto ausloggen. Ferner verpflichten Sie sich, nicht das Passwort eines anderen im Zusammenhang mit dem Programm zu verwenden oder zu versuchen, Zugang zu den Konten anderer Mitglieder zu erlangen. APG kann und wird für jegliche Verluste oder Schäden, die daraus resultieren, dass Sie diese Bestimmung nicht einhalten, nicht einstehen. APG behält sich das Recht vor (ohne jedoch verpflichtet zu sein), Ihren Zugang zu Ihrem Konto ohne vorherige Mitteilung zu beenden, sollten Sie die vorstehend genannten Pflichten verletzen.

1. **NUTZUNG DES FITNESSSTUDIOS.** Die Nutzung des Fitnessstudios ist ausschließlich Personen, die vom Sponsor (sofern zutreffend) oder APG berechtigt wurden, vorbehalten. Wenn Personal vor Ort ist, müssen Sie gegebenenfalls Ihren (Personal-)Ausweis vorzeigen und durch einen Leser durchziehen, um Zugang zum Fitnessstudio zu erhalten. Sie dürfen keine Gäste in das Fitnessstudio mitnehmen oder Dritten, die nicht dazu berechtigt sind, erlauben, Ihren (Personal-)Ausweis zu verwenden um Zugang zum Fitnessstudio zu erlangen. Außer wenn durch den Sponsor bzw. APG gestattet, dürfen Sie zu keinem Zeitpunkt Kinder oder Tiere (außer soweit gesetzlich zur persönlichen Unterstützung notwendig) in das Fitnessstudio mitnehmen. APG kann für die Nutzung des Fitnessstudios Regeln veröffentlichen oder verteilen, einschließlich (jedoch ohne Begrenzung) der erlaubten Verwendung der Geräte und hinsichtlich des Verhaltens im Fitnessstudio, um für alle eine sichere und angemessene Umgebung zu schaffen. Sie sollten sich mit diese Regeln vertraut machen, bevor Sie das Programm nutzen. Sie dürfen das Fitnessstudio während dessen Öffnungszeiten nutzen. Während bestimmter Zeiten sind Fitnessstudio-Mitarbeiter vor Ort um Ihnen zu helfen und einen ordnungsgemäßen Betrieb des Fitnessstudios zu gewährleisten. Mitarbeiter können Anweisungen erteilen, um ein sicheres und geordnetes Umfeld im Fitnessstudio gemäß den Regeln des Fitnessstudios zu wahren. Sie müssen diese Anweisungen befolgen. Spinde werden Ihnen im Fitnessstudio zu Ihrer Nutzung ausschließlich für der Zeit, in der Sie das Fitnessstudio nutzen, zur Verfügung gestellt. APG‘s Haftung für Verluste oder Schäden an Ihrem Eigentum ist gemäß Ziffer 15 begrenzt. APG hat das Recht den Inhalt der Spinde zu untersuchen, falls: (i) Mitarbeiter keine sich derzeit im Fitnessstudio befindende Person ermitteln können, die den Spind nutzt; (ii) APG eine begründete Vermutung hat, dass die Gegenstände in dem Spind die Regeln des Fitnessstudios, diese Bestimmungen oder anwendbare Gesetze und Verordnungen verletzten; (iii) der Inhalt die Sicherheit der Personen im Fitnessstudio und seiner Umgebung bedrohen oder beschädigen könnte, oder; (iv) es vom Gesetz oder Behörden verlangt wird.

1. **EIGENTUMSRECHTE.** Sie erkennen an, dass der Inhalt des Programms oder Informationen, die Ihnen durch das Programm zur Verfügung gestellt werden, durch nationales oder internationales Urheber-, Marken- oder Patentrecht, oder anderen Eigentumsrechten und Gesetzen geschützt sein könnte. Sie verpflichten sich, sowohl APGs Eigentumsrechte an solchen Inhalten, als auch die Rechte ihrer Dritt-Lizenzgeber, nicht zu verletzten. Außer wo ausdrücklich durch APG oder der mit ihnen verbundenen Unternehmen erlaubt, dürfen Sie die geschützten Teile des Programms nicht verändern, kopieren, vervielfältigen oder von diesen abgeleitete Werke erzeugen. Sie dürfen jegliche Software, die sich im Programm oder anderen ihm zugrundeliegenden Technologien befindet, nicht zurückentwickeln, dekompilieren oder zerlegen, außer sofern die vorgehende Beschränkung durch das anwendbare Recht untersagt ist. Sie erkennen an, dass alle Marken, Handelsnamen, Dienstleistungszeichen, Logos und Dienstleistungsnamen jeweils Marken und Eigentum von APG sind (die „APG-Marken“). Sie verpflichten sich, die APG-Marken ohne vorherige Zustimmung von APG jeweils nicht abzubilden oder auf andere Weise zu verwenden.

1. **KEINE VERVIELFÄLTIGUNG ODER WIEDERVERKAUF.** Sie verpflichten sich, weder Teile des Programms, die Nutzung des Programms noch den Zugang zum Programm zu vervielfältigen, duplizieren, kopieren, veräußern, wiederzuverkaufen oder zu geschäftlichen Zwecken zu nutzen.

1. **FREISTELLUNG.** Sie erklären sich damit einverstanden, AGP (ihre Muttergesellschaft Athletes‘ Performance, Inc.) und deren jeweilige Konzerngesellschaften sowie alle ihrer jeweiligen Direktoren, leitenden Angestellten, Mitglieder, Geschäftsführer, Angestellten, Bevollmächtigten, Nachfolger, Abtretungsempfänger und ihrer Dienstleister, Lizenzgeber, Lizenznehmer, Berater und Vertragspartner (zusammen die „**von der Haftung freigestellten AGP-Parteien**“) freizustellen, zu verteidigen und schadlos zu halten von allen unmittelbaren oder mittelbaren Ansprüchen, Forderungen, Verbindlichkeiten, Verlusten, Kosten, Schäden oder Auslagen einschließlich angemessener Rechtsanwaltsgebühren und –kosten („**Verluste**“), die auf folgendem Verhalten beruhen oder in irgendeiner Art und Weise damit zusammenhängen: (i) Ihrer Fahrlässigkeit oder Ihrem Fehlverhalten; (ii) Ihren Informationen oder jeglichen anderen Materialien, die über das Programm übermittelt wurden, einschließlich der mit Ihrem Konto verbundenen Informationen; (iii) Ihres Verhaltens, einschließlich Ihrer Nutzung des Programms (einschließlich des Fitnessstudios); (iv) Ihrer Verletzung oder Ihren Verstößen gegen diese Bedingungen oder alle anderen geltenden Bestimmungen einschließlich der Regeln des Fitnessstudios; (v) Ihrer Verletzung von geltenden Gesetzen oder Rechtsvorschriften; oder (vi) Ihrer Verletzung oder Beeinträchtigung von Immaterialgüter-, Persönlichkeits-, Veröffentlichungs-, Vertraulichkeits-, Eigentums- oder anderen Rechte aller natürlichen oder juristischen Personen (zusammen die „**Ansprüche**“).

1. **Monatliche Beiträge.** Der derzeitige monatliche Beitrag zur Nutzung des Programms beträgt EUR 25,00, einschließlich Mehrwertsteuer. Der Beitrag wird monatlich von ihrem Konto oder anderem akzeptierten Zahlungsmittel, welches Sie im Rahmen Ihres Kontos bei Mindbody festlegen, abgebucht. Der monatliche Beitrag setzt sich wie folgt zusammen: EUR 21,01 Beitrag + EUR 3,99 (19% MwSt.) = EUR 25,00.
*  **Zahlungen.** Der monatliche Beitrag wird jeden Monat an dem Tag des Monats fällig, an dem Sie diese Bedingungen geschlossen haben, und wird - soweit nicht anders festgelegt - von ihrem Konto oder akzeptierten Zahlungsmittel jeweils an diesem Tag oder dem darauffolgenden Werktag abgebucht. Die Höhe des monatlichen Beitrags kann sich gemäß Ziffer 16 dieser Bedingungen während der Laufzeit der Bedingungen ändern. Es liegt in Ihrer Verantwortung, Ihre Zahlungsinformationen aktuell zu halten. Sollten sich diese oder die Zahlungsart sich ändern, müssen Sie die Mitarbeiter des Fitnesstudios hiervon informieren oder sich in Ihr Mindbody-Konto einloggen und die Daten aktualisieren.
Wir akzeptieren folgende Zahlungsmittel: (a) Kreditkarte und (b) SEPA Lastschriftverfahren. Andere Zahlungsmittel sind ausgeschlossen.
1. **KREDITKARTE.** Die Zahlung per Kreditkarte ist nur mit Visa oder MasterCard möglich. Andere Kreditkarten werden nicht akzeptiert. Die Abwicklung der Kreditkartenzahlung erfolgt durch den Zahlungsdienstleister Paysafe Financial Services Limited. Sollten Sie ungerechtfertigt eine Rückgabe des Betrags (Chargeback) veranlassen, sind Sie verpflichtet, uns den hierdurch entstehenden Schaden zu ersetzen.

1. **SEPA Lastschrift.** Bei Auswahl des SEPA Lastschriftverfahrens erteilen Sie dem von uns beauftragten Zahlungsdienstleister Paysafe Financial Services Limited. ein SEPA-Lastschriftmandat, durch welches Sie Paysafe Financial Services Limited. erlauben, die Zahlungsbeträge per SEPA-Lastschrift von ihrem Konto einzuziehen. Zugleich weisen Sie Ihre kontoführende Bank an, die Lastschrift einzulösen.
Sie sind verpflichtet, für eine ausreichende Kontodeckung zu sorgen, so dass die jeweilige Lastschrift eingezogen werden kann. Sollte eine Lastschrift unberechtigt von Ihnen zurückgegeben werden oder der Einzug des Zahlungsbetrags bei Ihrem Kreditinstitut aus von Ihnen zu vertretenden Gründen scheitern, sind Sie verpflichtet, uns den hierdurch entstehenden Schaden zu ersetzen. Die Frist für Ihre Vorabinformation über das Datum der Kontobelastung (Pre-Notification-Frist) wird auf einen Tag verkürzt. Sie können innerhalb von acht Wochen, beginnend mit dem Belastungsdatum, die Erstattung des belasteten Betrags verlangen. Es gelten dabei die mit Ihrem Kreditinstitut vereinbarten Bedingungen.

1. **Laufzeit.** Die Laufzeit dieser Bedingungen ist monatlich und beginnt an dem Tag, an dem Sie diesen Bedingungen zustimmen. Die Laufzeit verlängert sich automatisch jeden Monat um einen weiteren Monat, sofern wir keine schriftliche Nachricht von Ihnen erhalten (dies kann durch einen Besuch im Fitnessstudio geschehen), dass Sie diese Bedingungen mit einer Frist von 10 Werktagen vor dem monatlichen Datum der Verlängerung kündigen wollen oder diese Bedingungen anderweitig beendet werden.

1. **BEENDIGUNG dieser Bedingungen.**
   1. **Freiwillige Kündigung.** Sie können diese Bedingungen schriftlich selbst oder durch Ihren gesetzlichen Vertreter mit Frist von 10 Werktagen per Post oder persönlicher Zustellung oder durch die Unterzeichnung eines Kündigungsantrags im Fitnessstudio kündigen. Die Kündigung wird wirksam zum nächsten Datum der monatlichen Verlängerung, das auf den Ablauf der 10-Tages-Benachrichtungsfirst folgt. Sie müssen keine Gründe für Ihre Kündigung angeben.

1. **Unfreiwillige Kündigung.** APG behält sich das Recht vor, jederzeit diese Bedingungen oder die Nutzung des Programms (oder Teile hiervon) zu kündigen oder auszusetzen, sofern (i) Sie nicht länger berechtigt sind (wie von APG oder dem Sponsor zu bestimmen), das Programm zu nutzen (bspw. wenn Sie Ihr Arbeitsverhältnis oder andere vertragliche Beziehung mit dem Sponsor beenden), (ii) Sie gegen eine oder mehrere Regelungen dieser Bedingungen verstoßen und Sie diese Verstöße nicht binnen sieben (7) Tagen nach Erhalt einer schriftlichen Benachrichtigung zum Abstellen des Verstoßes abstellen, oder (iii) Sie in Verzug mit mehr als zwei (2) monatlichen Beiträgen sind. Sie stimmen zu, dass APG keine Haftung Ihnen oder Dritten gegenüber hinsichtlich der Beendigung des Zugangs zum Programm trifft. Diese Bedingungen können durch schriftliche Benachrichtigung an die letzte im Programm enthaltene Adresse gekündigt werden. Sie haften weiterhin für alle Beiträge und andere Verpflichtungen, die vor dem Kündigungsdatum, d.h. drei Werktage nach dem Tag an dem die Kündigungsmitteilung durch APG versandt oder persönlich zugestellt wurde sofern nicht ein späteres Kündigungsdatum in der Kündigungsmitteilung genannt wird, entstanden sind.

1. **Veräußerung oder Aussetzung der Berechtigung:** Sie haben kein Recht, Ihre Berechtigung zur Nutzung des Programms an einen Dritten zu veräußern oder zu übertragen und oder diese vorübergehend auszusetzen.

1. **HAFTUNGSAUSSCHLUSS.** SIE VERSTEHEN UND ERKLÄREN SICH AUSDRÜCKLICH DAMIT EINVERSTANDEN, DASS:
   1. IHRE NUTZUNG DES PROGRAMMS AUF EIGENE GEFAHR ERFOLGT.
   2. DAS FITNESSSTUDIO, DIE INFORMATIONEN UND DAS MATERIAL, DIE DURCH DAS PROGRAMM ZUR VERFÜGUNG GESTELLT WERDEN, „WIE GESEHEN“ und „WIE VERFÜGBAR“ BEREITGESTELLT WERDEN.
   3. SIE ERKENNEN HIERMIT AN, DASS DAS PROGRAMM AUFGRUND VERSCHIEDENER FAKTOREN, EINSCHLIESSLICH ABER NICHT BESCHRÄNKT AUF REGELMÄSSIGE WARTUNG (PLANMÄSSIG ODER UNPLANMÄSSIG), HÖHERE GEWALT, UNBERECHTIGTEN ZUGRIFF ODER TECHNISCHES VERSAGEN, NICHT VERFÜGBAR SEIN KANN UND APG DESHALB AUSDRÜCKLICH JEGLICHE AUSDRÜCKLICHE ODER STILLSCHWEIGENDE GEWÄHR IN BEZUG AUF DIE NUTZUNG DES PROGRAMMS UND/ODER VERFÜGBARKEIT, ERREICHBARKEIT, SICHERHEIT ODER DIE VON SOLCHEN FAKTOREN VERURSACHTE LEISTUNG AUSSCHLIESST. ZIFFER 15 DIESER BEDINGUNGEN BLEIBT UNBERÜHRT.
   4. APG ÜBERNIMMT KEINE GEWÄHR DAFÜR; DASS: (i) DAS PROGRAMM UND DIE IN ZUSAMMENHANG DAMIT BEREITGESTELLTEN INFORMATIONEN UND MATERIALIEN IHREN ANFORDERUNGEN ENTSPRECHEN; (ii) DIE ERGEBNISSE, DIE DURCH DIE NUTZUNG DES PROGRAMMS ODER DEN IN ZUSAMMENHANG DAMIT BEREITGESTELLTEN INFORMATIONEN UND MATERIALIEN ERZIELT WERDEN KÖNNEN, KORREKT, ZUVERLÄSSIG ODER VERFÜGBAR SIND; ODER (iii) FEHLER IM PROGRAMM ODER DEN IN ZUSAMMENHANG DAMIT BEREITGESTELLTEN INFORMATIONEN UND MATERIALIEN KORRIGIERT WERDEN. ZIFFER 15 DIESER BEDINGUNGEN BLEIBT UNBERÜHRT.

1. **IHRE ERKLÄRUNGEN UND VERPFLICHTUNGEN GEGENÜBER APG.** SIE GEBEN GEGENÜBER APG FOLGENDE ERKLÄRUNGEN UND VERPFLICHTUNGEN AB:
   1. SIE VERSTEHEN UND STIMMEN AUSDRÜCKLICH ZU, DASS IHR BESUCH ODER IHRE NUTZUNG DES FITNESSSTUDIOS UND DER GERÄTE ODER DIE TEILNAHME AM PROGRAMM ODER DER ERHALT VON ANDEREN DIENSTLEISTUNGEN DURCH DAS PROGRAM EINSCHLIESSLICH DER NUTZUNG VON PERSONAL TRAINERN ODER ERNÄHRUNGSBERATERN BEKANNTE UND/ODER UNBEKANNTE GEFAHREN BIRGT UND IHNEN VERLETZUNGEN ZUFÜGEN KANN.
   2. DIE VON APG BEREITGESTELLTEN DIENSTLEISTUNGEN UND PRODUKTE STELLEN KEINE MEDIZINISCHE BERATUNG DAR UND SOLLEN KEINEN ERSATZ FÜR DIE EINHOLUNG VON QUALIFIZIERTEM MEDIZINISCHEM RAT DURCH IHREN ARZT DARSTELLEN.
   3. ALS VORAUSSETZUNGEN, UM IHNEN DEN ERHALT DES, DIE TEILNAHME AM UND DIE NUTZUNG DES PROGRAMMS ZU GESTATTEN, AKZEPTIEREN SIE DIE MIT DER TEILNAHME UND DER NUTZUNG DES PROGRAMMS VERBUNDENEN RISIKEN: VERSCHLECHTERUNG VON MEDIZINISCHEN BESCHWERDEN ODER VERLETZUNGEN, DIE SIE HABEN, PERSÖNLICHE VERLETZUNG, DIEBSTAHL ODER ANSTECKUNG.
   4. SIE ERKENNEN AN, DASS SIE ALS VORAUSSETZUNG FÜR DIE NUTZUNG DES PROGRAMMS DIE VERANTWORTUNG HABEN, SICH ÜBER JEGLICHE MIT DEM PROGRAMM VERBUNDENE RISIKEN ZU INFORMIEREN UND DASS SIE ALLE IM ZUSAMMENHANG MIT DEM PROGRAMM STEHENDEN ANWEISUNGEN BEFOLGEN WERDEN.
   5. SIE ERKLÄREN SICH BEREIT, DASS SIE BEZÜGLICH IHRER GESUNDHEIT REGELMÄSSIG EINEN ARZT KONSULTIEREN UND DASS SIE NICHT DAS PROGRAMM NUTZEN, ERWERBEN, ERHALTEN ODER DARAN TEILNEHMEN, WENN IHNEN EINE KRANKHEIT ODER VERLETZUNG BEKANNT IST, WELCHE DIE NUTZUNG DES PROGRAMMS NICHT RATSAM ERSCHEINEN LÄSST ODER DIE EINE ANDERE PERSON VERLETZEN KANN ODER DAS RISIKO BIRGT, DASS SIE EINE ANDERE PERSON MIT EINER KRANKHEIT ANSTECKEN.
   6. SIE NEHMEN ZUR KENNTNIS, DASS IHNEN ANGERATEN WIRD, VOR DEM ERWERB, ERHALT, DER TEILNAHME ODER NUTZUNG DES PROGRAMMS IHREN ARZT BEZÜGLICH DES PROGRAMMS ZU KONSULTIEREN. SIE STIMMEN ZU, DASS SIE BEI WEITEREN FRAGEN ODER BEDENKEN BEZÜGLICH DES PROGRAMMS VOR ORT TÄTIGE MITARBEITER VON APG UM WEITERE INFORMATIONEN BITTEN, BEVOR SIE AN DAS PROGRAMM ERWERBEN, HIERAN TEILNEHMEN ODER ES NUTZEN.
   7. SIE VERSTEHEN, DASS ES IN IHRER VERANTWORTUNG LIEGT, NICHT ZU TRAINIEREN ODER MIT DEM TRAINING AUFZUHÖREN, WENN SIE: NICHT SICHER TRAINIEREN KÖNNEN, KRANK SIND ODER SICH AUS WELCHEN GRÜNDEN AUCH IMMER NICHT WOHL FÜHLEN. SIE VERSTEHEN, DASS MITARBEITER ODER GERÄTE/COMPUTER SIE ERMUTIGEN KÖNNEN, SICH WEITER ANZUSTRENGEN, UM IHRE LEISTUNG UND IHR TRAINING ZU VERBESSERN, UND DASS ES IN IHRER VERANTWORTUNG LIEGT, DEN MITARBEITERN MITZUTEILEN ODER MIT DEM TRAINING AUFZUHÖREN UND SOLCHE ERMUTIGUNGEN ZU IGNORIEREN, WENN SIE SICH NICHT GUT FÜHLEN ODER DAS GEFÜHL HABEN, DASS SIE SICH VERLETZEN KÖNNTEN.
   8. WEITERHIN SIND SIE DAMIT EINVERSTANDEN, IN DEM MAßE NICHT AN DEM PROGRAMM TEILZUNEHMEN, ES ZU ERHALTEN ODER ZU NUTZEN, ALS ES IHRE PHYSISCHE LEISTUNGSFÄHIGKEIT ÜBERSTEIGT. SIE INFORMIEREN APG UND ALLE MITARBEITER, DIE MIT IHNEN ARBEITEN, ÜBER ALLE KRANKHEITEN, DIE SIE HABEN ODER HABEN KÖNNTEN UND DIE DURCH IHRE TEILNAHME AN DEM PROGRAMM VERSCHLIMMERT WERDEN ODER DIE BEI IHNEN ODER ANDEREN VERLETZUNGEN ODER ERKRANKUNGEN AUSLÖSEN KÖNNTEN.
   9. SIE VERSTEHEN, DASS DAS PROGRAMM KEINE EXAKTE WISSENSCHAFT DARSTELLT UND DASS IHNEN KEINE GARANTIEN ODER ZUSICHERUNGEN GEMACHT WURDEN, DIE DAS ERGEBNIS UND/ODER RESULTAT DES PROGRAMMS BETREFFEN.
   10. SIE VERSTEHEN, DASS DAS PROGRAM AUS ÜBUNGEN BESTEHEN KANN, DIE GANZKÖRPERVIBRATIONEN BEINHALTEN UND DASS ÜBUNGEN MIT GANZKÖRPERVIBRATIONEN NICHT FÜR SCHWANGERE FRAUEN ODER SOLCHE, DIE SCHWANGER WERDEN KÖNNTEN, GEEIGNET SIND. SIE VERSTEHEN, DASS APG EIN ÜBUNGSPROGRAMM OHNE GANZKÖRPERVIBRATIONEN ZUR VERFÜGUNG STELLEN KANN UND DASS SIE DAFÜR VERANTWORTLICH SIND, ANGESTELLTE VON APG DARÜBER ZU INFORMIEREN, SOLLTEN SIE KEINE GANZKÖRPERVIBRATIONEN IN IHR ÜBUNGSPROGRAMM AUFNEHMEN WOLLEN. SIE VERSTEHEN, DASS DIE ENTSCHEIDUNG, OB GANZKÖRPERVIBRATIONEN IN IHR ÜBUNGSPROGRAMM AUFGENOMMEN WERDEN, ALLEIN BEI IHNEN LIEGT, UND, FALLS SIE SICH DAZU ENTSCHEIDEN, GANZKÖRPERVIBRATIONEN IN IHR ÜBUNGSPROGRAMM AUFZUNEHMEN, SIE DAFÜR VERANTWORTLICH SIND, UNVERZÜGLICH MIT DEM TRAINING AUFZUHÖREN UND IHREN ARZT AUFZUSUCHEN, SOLLTE IHNEN SCHWINDELIG WERDEN, SIE SICH SCHWACH ODER KURZATMIG FÜHLEN ODER SCHMERZEN WÄHREND DER ÜBUNG, DIE DIE VIBRATIONEN VERWENDET, VERSPÜREN.

1. **HAFTUNGSBESCHRÄNKUNG.**
   1. APG haftet nicht für Schäden oder Verluste,
   2. Ungeachtet sonstiger Regelungen in diesen Bedingungen haftet APG unbeschränkt nach den gesetzlichen Bestimmungen für Schäden aus der Verletzung des Lebens, des Körpers oder der Gesundheit, die auf einer Pflichtverletzung beruhen, sowie für sonstige Schäden, die auf einer vorsätzlichen oder grob fahrlässigen Pflichtverletzung oder auf Arglist beruhen. Ebenso haftet APG für sonstige Schäden, die auf einer leicht fahrlässigen Verletzung wesentlicher Vertragspflichten beruhen, wobei die Haftung in diesem Fall auf den typischen, vorhersehbaren Schaden begrenzt ist. Wesentliche Vertragspflichten sind solche Pflichten, deren Erfüllung zur ordnungsgemäßen Durchführung der Bedingungen notwendig ist. Die gesetzliche Haftung nach dem Produkthaftungsgesetz bleibt unberührt.
   3. Sollten Sie mit dem Programm oder Teilen hiervon oder einer Regelung in diesen Bedingungen unzufrieden sein, kontaktieren Sie die Mitarbeiter von APG und nutzen Sie das Programm nicht weiter.

1. **ÄNDERUNG DIESER BEDINGUNGEN.** APG kann diese Bedingungen jederzeit ändern. Sollten wir eine wesentliche Änderung dieser Bedingungen vornehmen, werden wir versuchen, Sie über das Fitnessstudio, OPS oder per E-Mail über die Änderungen informieren. Sie haben dann sechs (6) Wochen Zeit, den künftigen Bedingungen zu widersprechen und ein „Opt-Out“ vorzunehmen. Sollten Sie den neuen Bedingungen nicht innerhalb dieses Zeitraums widersprechen, gelten die neuen Bedingungen automatisch für Sie und die alten Bedingungen verlieren ihre Gültigkeit. Wir werden Sie über diese Folge gesondert informieren, wenn wir Sie über die Änderungen der Bedingungen benachrichtigen. Bitte überprüfen Sie diese Bedingungen von Zeit zu Zeit, um Änderungen dieser Bedingungen zur Kenntnis nehmen, da diese für Sie bindend sind, sobald sie in Kraft treten.

1. **ANWENDBARES RECHT.** Diese Bedingungen sowie ihr Gegenstand und ihre Entstehung unterliegen dem geltenden Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder des Landes, in dem sich das von Ihnen genutzte Fitnessstudio befindet.

1. **SONSTIGES.** Für diese Bedingungen gelten die folgenden allgemeinen Bestimmungen:
   1. Weder ist die Nicht-Durchsetzung von Rechten durch APG, unabhängig vom Zeitraum und egal aus welchem Grund, als Verzicht auf solche Rechte auszulegen; noch erachten Sie das Versäumnis, Verstöße gegen diese Bedingungen festzustellen oder dagegen vorzugehen, als Bestätigung seitens APG, dass Ihr Verhalten akzeptabel ist.
   2. APG darf seine Rechte nach diesen Bedingungen jederzeit auf eine andere juristische Person übertragen, ohne Sie hiervon zuvor zu benachrichtigen.

1. **Kundenservice.** Für Rückfragen steht Ihnen unser Kundenservice unter der Telefonnummer +49 9132 84 74 333, oder per E-Mail unter theGYM@teamexos.com.