**NOTE TO TRAVELING USERS:**  If you travel to another country and use the fitness center/program in that country, you should be aware that the terms of service, privacy policy and facility waiver applicable for that country will apply to your use of the fitness center/program while in that country.  To review the applicable terms of service, privacy policy and/or facility waiver, please click on the appropriate links below for the country to which you are traveling.

##### **Brazil**

Canada

France

Ireland

Singapore

Switzerland

United Kingdom

United States

**FACILITY WAIVER – GERMANY**

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR ATTENDANCE OR USE OF THE FITNESS CENTER AND EQUIPMENT OR PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM INCLUDING THE USE OF PERSONAL TRAINERS, POSES RISKS, KNOWN AND/OR UNKNOWN AND COULD CAUSE INJURY TO YOU. AS A PRE-CONDITION TO ALLOWING YOU TO PARTICIPATE IN THE PROGRAM, YOU ACCEPT THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ATTENDANCE AND USE OF THE PROGRAM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE FOLLOWING RISKS: WORSENING OF ANY MEDICAL CONDITION OR INJURY YOU MIGHT HAVE, PERSONAL INJURY, THEFT, OR CONTAGION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT AS A PRE-CONDITION TO UTILIZING THE PROGRAM YOU HAVE THE RESPONSIBILITY TO INQUIRE ABOUT ANY RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE PROGRAM AND THAT YOU WILL FOLLOW ALL INSTRUCTIONS RELATED TO THE PROGRAM. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU CONSULT A PHYSICIAN ON A REGULAR BASIS REGARDING YOUR HEALTH, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT PARTICIPATE IN THE PROGRAM IF YOU ARE AWARE OF A CONDITION OR INJURY THAT MAY MAKE THE PROGRAM INADVISABLE OR THAT MAY INJURE ANOTHER PERSON OR CREATE A RISK THAT ANOTHER PERSON WOULD CATCH A SICKNESS OR DISEASE FROM YOU. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT YOUR PHYSICIAN REGARDING THE PROGRAM PRIOR TO PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM. IF YOU HAVE FURTHER QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS REGARDING THE PROGRAM, YOU AGREE TO ASK CP INTERNATIONAL STAFF MEMBERS WORKING ON-SITE TO PROVIDE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PRIOR TO PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO NOT EXERCISE, OR TO CEASE EXERCISING, IF YOU ARE UNFIT, SICK OR DO NOT FEEL WELL FOR ANY REASON. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT STAFF MEMBERS OR EQUIPMENT/COMPUTERS MAY ENCOURAGE YOU TO EXERT MYSELF TO IMPROVE YOUR PERFORMANCE AND TRAINING, AND THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO COMMUNICATE TO THE STAFF MEMBERS OR TO CEASE EXERCISING AND IGNORE SUCH ENCOURAGEMENT IF YOU DO NOT FEEL WELL OR FEEL YOU COULD BECOME INJURED. YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU WILL NOT PARTICIPATE IN THE PROGRAM IF YOU POSSESS A CONDITION OR INJURY THAT MAKES SUCH PARTICIPATION INADVISABLE. FURTHERMORE, YOU AGREE NOT TO PARTICIPATE IN THE PROGRAM TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS BEYOND YOUR PHYSICAL CAPACITY. YOU WILL INFORM CP INTERNATIONAL AND ANY STAFF MEMBER WORKING WITH YOU OF ANY CONDITIONS YOU HAVE OR MAY HAVE THAT COULD BE AGGRAVATED OR COULD CAUSE INJURY OR DISEASE TO YOU OR ANOTHER. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE PROGRAM MAY INCLUDE EXERCISES THAT INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT EXERCISE INCORPORATING WHOLE BODY VIBRATION IS NOT RIGHT FOR ALL PEOPLE, AND THAT WOMEN WHO ARE PREGNANT OR MAY BECOME PREGNANT SHOULD NOT INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION INTO THEIR EXERCISE PROGRAM. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT CP INTERNATIONAL CAN PROVIDE AN EXERCISE PROGRAM THAT DOES NOT INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION AND THAT IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO INFORM CP INTERNATIONAL STAFF MEMBERS IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION INTO YOUR EXERCISE PROGRAM. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE DECISION TO INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION INTO YOUR EXERCISE PROGRAM IS ENTIRELY YOUR OWN, AND THAT IF YOU INCORPORATE WHOLE BODY VIBRATION INTO YOUR EXERCISE PROGRAM IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO STOP EXERCISE IMMEDIATELY, AND TO CONSULT WITH YOUR PHYSICIAN IMMEDIATELY, IF YOU FEEL DIZZY, FAINT, SHORT OF BREATH OR EXPERIENCE ANY PAIN DURING EXERCISE UTILIZING VIBRATION. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT THE PROGRAM IS NOT AN EXACT SCIENCE AND THAT NO GUARANTEES OR ASSURANCES HAVE BEEN MADE TO YOU CONCERNING THE OUTCOME AND/OR RESULT FROM THE PROGRAM. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, YOU (ON YOUR OWN BEHALF AND THE BEHALF OF YOUR HEIRS, EXECUTORS, ADMINISTRATORS AND ASSIGNS) HEREBY RELEASE THE CP INDEMNIFIED PARTIES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF THE CP INDEMNIFIED PARTIES OR THE PROGRAM, INCLUDING CLAIMS FOR NEGLIGENCE OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE USE OF STAFF MEMBERS (YET NOT INCLUDING CLAIMS THAT YOU MAY NOT RELEASE BY LAW).

